The next thing I want to talk about is that in order to get featured or in order to win favor from both
Apple and Google, you have to understand how these companies work. Essentially with any of these large
corporates
the company comes first.
Anything that makes the company look good is worth promoting.
So how can you capitalize on that?
If Apple is pushing some new product say the Apple watch and you made an app that makes the Apple Watch
seem like its an essential buy and allows it to do something really cool,
then Apple's probably going to get behind you and help you promote your product in order to make it
look good.
So keep an eye out for the new features that both Apple and Google are bringing out.
So maybe 3D touch on iOS or maybe instant apps on Google.
These are the things that they will want to promote
and if you are in the right place at the right time then you can potentially benefit from the huge marketing
power of these two companies.
So keep a pulse on what they're developing what they're pushing and see if your product fits one of those
angles.